docs(CONTRIBUTING): improve spec contribution guide (#658)
WICG/webmonetization: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Specification Development

If you are interested in making changes to the specification, set up this repository on your local machine first. You can follow the [instructions on the README](./README.md#get-set-up), but you don't necessarily need to install dependencies or set up an environment if you want to work on the specification only (and not rest of the website).

The source file for the specification document is at [specification/index.html](./specification/index.html). This is the raw ReSpec version that editors should make changes to. Documentation for ReSpec can be accessed on the [respec.org](https://respec.org/docs/).

> Preview changes with `npx serve ./specification/` (or [any other static HTTP file server](https://gist.github.com/willurd/5720255)) and opening http://localhost:3000/index.html .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preview changes with `npx serve ./specification/` (or [any other static HTTP file server](https://gist.github.com/willurd/5720255)) and opening http://localhost:3000/index.html.
```

> Similar to the main specification, there are also [WM flows](./specification/flows/) and [browser extension API](./specification/extensions-api/) implementation specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the main specification, there are also [Web Monetization flows](./specification/flows/) and the [browser extension API](./specification/extensions-api/) implementation specifications.
```

Reviewer: We shouldn't abbreviate it as WM in user facing docs.
